dzen2.font: xft:Monaco:size=12
dzen2.foreground: #dcdccc
dzen2.background: #3f3f3f

editor.menuBar: off
editor.toolBar: off
editor.verticalScrollBars: off
editor.background: black
editor.foreground: white
editor.mode-line.AttributeBox: t

emacs.menuBar: off
emacs.toolBar: off
emacs.verticalScrollBars: off
emacs.background: black
emacs.foreground: white
emacs.mode-line.AttributeBox: t

emacs23.menuBar: off
emacs23.toolBar: off
emacs23.verticalScrollBars: off
emacs23.background: black
emacs23.foreground: white
emacs23.mode-line.AttributeBox: t

! urxvt
URxvt.background: black
URxvt.foreground: white
URxvt.scrollBar: false
URxvt.saveLines: 0
URxvt.scrollWithBuffer: false
URxvt.font: xft:Monaco:size=12
URxvt.termName: xterm-256color

! blue
URxvt.color4: steelblue
URxvt.color12: steelblue

URxvt.perl-ext-common: font-size
URxvt.keysym.C-equal: perl:font-size:increase
URxvt.keysym.C-minus: perl:font-size:decrease

Xft.dpi: 96
Xft.antialias: true
Xft.rgba: rgb
Xft.hinting: true
Xft.hintstyle: hintslight

Xcursor.theme: Bluecurve
Xcursor.size: 64
