dzen2.font: xft:Monaco:size=12
dzen2.foreground: #dcdccc
dzen2.background: #3f3f3f

editor.menuBar: off
editor.toolBar: off
editor.verticalScrollBars: off
editor.background: black
editor.foreground: white
editor.mode-line.AttributeBox: t

emacs.menuBar: off
emacs.toolBar: off
emacs.verticalScrollBars: off
emacs.background: black
emacs.foreground: white
emacs.mode-line.AttributeBox: t

emacs23.menuBar: off
emacs23.toolBar: off
emacs23.verticalScrollBars: off
emacs23.background: black
emacs23.foreground: white
emacs23.mode-line.AttributeBox: t

! urxvt
urxvt.perl-ext-common: font-size
urxvt.background: black
urxvt.foreground: white
urxvt.scrollBar: false
urxvt.saveLines: 0
urxvt.scrollWithBuffer: false
urxvt.font: xft:Monaco:size=12
urxvt.termName: xterm-256color
urxvt.keysym.C-Up: perl:font-size:increase
urxvt.keysym.C-Down: perl:font-size:decrease

Xft.dpi: 96
Xft.antialias: true
Xft.rgba: rgb
Xft.hinting: true
Xft.hintstyle: hintslight

! black
!urxvt.color0:
!urxvt.color8:

! red
!urxvt.color1:
!urxvt.color9:

! green
!urxvt.color2:
!urxvt.color10:

! yellow
!urxvt.color3:
!urxvt.color11:

! blue
urxvt.color4: steelblue
urxvt.color12: steelblue

! purple
!urxvt.color5:
!urxvt.color13:

! cyan
!urxvt.color6:
!urxvt.color14:

! white
!urxvt.color7:
!urxvt.color15:
